# Simple-Monitoring-Stack
This will supply build and deploy scripts that will install the linux ubuntu os and deploy the Prometheus, Grafana and Graphite monitoring stack.

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Part 4

Part 1 :- VirtualBox provider for Terraform - Inspired by terraform-provider-vix

Donated to the terra-farm group by ccll

Published documentation is located on the Terra-Farm website.

How to install
go get github.com/terra-farm/terraform-provider-virtualbox

How to build from source
git clone https://github.com/terra-farm/terraform-provider-virtualbox

cd terraform-provider-virtualbox
dep ensure
go build
mv terraform-provider-virtualbox examples/
cd examples/
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply
Resources
"virtualbox_vm"
Schema
name, string, required: The name of the virtual machine.
image, string, required: The place of the image file(archive or vagrant box).
url, string, optional, default not set: The url for downloaded vagrant box from external resource (ex. Ubuntu Vagrant box) . If not set using image variable.
cpus, int, optional, default=2: The number of CPUs.
memory, string, optional, default="512mib": The size of memory, allow human friendly units like 'MB', 'MiB'.
user_data, string, optional, default="": User defined data.
status, string, optional, default="running": The status of the VM, allowed values: 'poweroff', 'running'. This value will be updated at runtime to reflect the real status of the VM, and you can also specify it explicitly in config to manually control the status of the VM. This value defaults to 'running', so terraform apply will always try to keep the VM running if not specified otherwise.
network_adapter, list: The network adapters in the VM, you can have up to 4 adapters.
.#.type, string, requried: The type of the network, allowed values: 'nat', 'bridged', 'hostonly', 'internal', 'generic'.
.#.device, string, optional, default="IntelPro1000MTServer": The model of the virtual hardware device, allowed values: 'PCIII', 'FASTIII', 'IntelPro1000MTDesktop', 'IntelPro1000TServer', 'IntelPro1000MTServer'.
.#.host_interface, string, optional: Some network type (hostonly, bridged, etc) must bind to a host interface to work properly, use this field to specify the name of the host interface you like to bind to (like 'en0', 'eth1', 'wlan', etc). This should get an improvement, see TODO section below.
.#.status, string, computed: The status of the network adapter, possible values: 'up', 'down'.
.#.mac_address, string, computed: The MAC address of the adapter, this is generated by VirtualBox.
.#.ipv4_address, string, computed: The IPv4 address assigned to the adapter.
.#.ipv4_address_available, string, computed: Wheather or not an IPv4 address is actaully assigned to the adapter, possible values: "yes", "no".
optical_disks, list: The iso image to attach.
Network adapter types
 NAT
 bridged

Example
resource "virtualbox_vm" "node" {
    count = 2
    name = "${format("node-%02d", count.index+1)}"

    image = "~/ubuntu-15.04.tar.xz"
    cpus = 2
    memory = "512mib"

    network_adapter {
        type = "nat"
    }

    network_adapter {
        type = "bridged"
        host_interface = "en0"
    }

    optical_disks = ["./cloudinit.iso"]
}

output "IPAddr" {
    # Get the IPv4 address of the bridged adapter (the 2nd one) on 'node-02'
    value = "${element(virtualbox_vm.node.*.network_adapter.1.ipv4_address, 1)}"
}
Limitations
Experimental provider!
Example images
ubuntu-15.04

Ubuntu Vagrant box

TODO
 Optimize resourceVMUpdate(), eliminate unneccessary restarts of VM.
 Auto download image from remote url.
 Validate downloaded image against checksum.
 Download the same image only once (based on checksum).
 Re-download corrupted image (based on checksum).
License
FOSSA Status
